aws-credentials: add AWS Greengrass endpoint details (#2323)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: administration/aws-credentials.md

## EC2 instance profile credentials (IMDS)

Fetches credentials for the EC2 instance profile's role. See [IAM roles for Amazon EC2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html). As of Fluent Bit version 1.8.8, IMDSv2 is used by default and IMDSv1 might be disabled. Prior versions of Fluent Bit require enabling IMDSv1 on EC2.

## AWS Greengrass credentials

> Credentials are fetched from a localhost endpoint provided by the AWS IoT Greengrass token exchange service. The token exchange service runs as a local server on Greengrass core devices and provides AWS credentials through the `AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_FULL_URI` and `AWS_CONTAINER_AUTHORIZATION_TOKEN` environment variables. See [Token exchange service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/token-exchange-service-component.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluent Bit fetches credentials from a localhost endpoint provided by the AWS IoT Greengrass token exchange service. The token exchange service runs as a local server on Greengrass core devices and provides AWS credentials through the `AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_FULL_URI` and `AWS_CONTAINER_AUTHORIZATION_TOKEN` environment variables. For more information, see the AWS documentation about [Token exchange service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/token-exchange-service-component.html).
```
